The animals have arrived and you are still here
It's like burning a beast
I didn't expect this person to be so rampant
Even the eldest miss of the Qin family dares to pretend
Or impersonate in front of you?
If you move, you will break the person, and the twin will threaten you with their lives.
So much power
So majestic
How dare you reprimand Young Master Qin?
Forestry, how on earth did he wash it for you?
Let you go back to the village and he works hard
And you.
The Qin family invited you here to protect the employer
I'm not letting you mess around.
Do you want to be the master and go somewhere else?
Master Chen
What's your last name?
Miss
We are also instructed in previous lives, don't make it difficult for us
So what do you mean now?
Are you going to do something to me?
What are you doing?
Is he a fake Miss Qin?
Qin Shao, did your subordinates identify the wrong person?
How could he be Miss Qin?
Miss Qin, we don't know each other
I can see your head.
What? How is that possible?
I'm really a police lady
Wash out the situation message twice in a row
He's finished.